the air is thick with the smoke and dust
in N after Israeli bombs Hau and run
school and
then a new panic and scenes of
horror those initially running to help
the wounded forced to
[Applause]
flee it's a race to get to those buried
alive like this young
boy the force of the explosion was
catastrophic for the hundreds of people
Sheltering within the walls of the
school they are targeting civilians
inside schools look let the whole world
see these are the remains of a human
being this is a shelter and we are
unarmed civilians the buildings the blue
and white colors remove any doubt that
this was a United Nations facility but
Sheltering there did not and has not
protected Palestinians in Gaza Hamas has
released a statement calling the attack
by
bar we were all sitting in the building
and some were cooking when the building
collapsed on top of us many people were
injured some seriously just look at the
blood this is the blood of a
child our men are dead our men are dead
our children are gone there's no one
left no one this is no way to
live the number of casualties is pushing
Gaza crippled healthc care system to a
Breaking Point
in the wake of this latest attack
honored Filipe lazarini has called on
the World to regain its common
Humanity the men women and the children
of Gaza he says have a right to
life Hy Mahmud AL jazer Central Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer